After being taught by Jehovah, some of our brothers and sisters have made great sacrifices
to be able to serve him more fully.
Sister Yoshi Nagata from Japan is one of them.
She gave up a career that many in the world spent a lifetime pursuing.
This is her story.
I was a novelist.
Young people sent me about 100 fan letters each month.
I became famous and felt I was contributing to society.
Eventually, I entered the world of TV and became an announcer.
I had expensive dinners and clothes.
That was my life.
Do you think I was happy?
I looked so to others.
But the more money and fame I gained,
the more it drove me to work.
New jobs, position, and material things.
These were things I thought I wanted.
But when I got them, what can I say?
My heart felt starved.
I was never happy at all.
A pioneer sister who was conducting the Bible study with my mom
talks to me about the words of King Solomon.
Everything is futile.
These words touched my heart.
I felt this is how I feel.
This is the truth.
Whatever I gain is futile and just makes my heart starve.
I started to study the Bible.
Then I suddenly got more job offers,
especially for advertising in moral movies
and writing occult novels.
I felt I am being used by Satan.
I made up my mind.
I will quit my job.
The Bible truth I was learning satisfied my hungry heart.
Ten months later, I was baptized.
Now my loving husband and I are in a congregation
where the need is great and enjoying pioneering.
My husband is a home tutor
and I am working part-time at a store.
I only have one fifth year of my former income.
There are no more fancy brand-name clothes
or expensive dinners.
We are still learning how to save money
and make our life simple.
This is really enjoyable.
Living a simple life, learning local dialects,
making new friends
and delivering God's word to the people.
This is a truly satisfying life.
Do you think I look happy?
I don't just look happy.
I am happy.